the first step will be to gain hoops
trust I here listening every facing the
spirit of the me back incessant buzzing
of mosquitoes there drinking the formula
milk asleep at the barre hours of
waiting
[Music]
I pick James since the last time I so I
don't I need or
you can't believe that you have here
home by herself
hey independent resilient little bear I
think it doesn't take her long to just
kick into survival mode it's funny cuz
as much as they're like us all right
keep on sort of putting human attributes
on them they're completely dissembler
because you think right look easy living
hope God together would Lily have any
sense of guilt that's just an emotion
that appears would have died I don't
think there's feel guilt it's great to
see her after all this time beginning to
think she was a little show up at all
you notice sometimes she'll spit it out
on the back of the pot is in danger yeah
they said I use it like a plate or
something keep off the ground
the food has helped but thank you nine
point nine percent of the time she is
alone in this forest making your own way
and it's plain sailing from here on as
far as food fraud it's just gonna get
better better know the year yeah
the bushes are just hanging with with
green fruit right now he just needs to
rate these this extra food is just the
means to an end the touching just helps
her accustomed to having hands on her
thoughtfully being a collar on her like
that exactly where she's going
likes looking there
[Applause]
[Music]